Add a known issue to release note (#1460)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-preview5/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### Known Issues

- The [WebSub](/learn/api-docs/ballerina/websub/index.html) standard library module (ballerina/websub) is not working with Swan Lake Preview 5.

> - The [Socket](/learn/api-docs/ballerina/socket/index.html) standard library module (ballerina/socket) builds only in offline (with `--offline` parameter) with Swan Lake Preview 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Socket](/learn/api-docs/ballerina/socket/index.html) standard library module (ballerina/socket) can only be built offline (i.e., with the `--offline` parameter) with Swan Lake Preview 5.
```
